[Music]
I mean it's just so realistic yeah his
name's pat pat the dog you wha - refill
I probably shouldn't so I will
oh wow it's like it's raining pretty
cool huh but if you're thinking you
could put a fish in there and it
wouldn't get sucked up into the
mechanism well you'd be wrong
um can I use your bathroom sure right
through there okay oh yeah you know I
gotta tell you if someone told me a week
ago that I would be peeing in joey
tribbiani's apartment
yeah that's pretty great isn't it
Joey you're such an amazing actor how do
you know where dr. Dre from or he leaves
off and joey tribianni begins well with
dr. drake they always tell me what to
say and with Joey I pretty much have to
make it up on my own
tell me something joy well I just fell
right off the couch there yeah you did
whoops let me ask you a question yeah
when was the last time mm-hmm someone
told you just how beautiful Wow
I can't I can't film onions
[Music]
huh
morning all right
yeah Oh God
oh I can't believe Joey Tribbiani heard
me throw up he actually saw you a little
bit - oh god we did we did we didn't um
no no no not after seeing their God just
a horrible person what what because I'm
married that's right I'm a married woman
and I came to a teeny stars apartment to
have an affair ah that's ridiculous I'm
not a star just a regular famous actor
yeah and I'm a horrible horrible person
Rachel will you stop saying that
Hey Hey look remember on the show when
when Capri was dying and she gave me the
ring from a cave yeah Wow okay well oh
they let you keep that stuff sure as
long as they don't find out you can keep
whatever you want and I want you to have
it
no yes yes and every time you look at it
I want you to remember that you are a
good person
okay now you had the chance to cheat and
with me but you didn't and that's what
this ring stands for but I thought that
ring stood for capris undying love for
her brother look you want the ring mom
yeah